---
layout: page
title: "assignment 2, need finding"
class: Monday, August 28
---

<span class="schedule-item-due">Part A due: before your Studio on Friday, September 1 </span>
<br/>
<span class="schedule-item-due">Part B due: before Class on Wednesday, September 6 </span>
<br/>
<span class="schedule-item-out">value: 6 points</span>


### Part 1: Personal diary study

Do this part immediately (i.e., Monday, Tuesday), since the rest of the
assignment depends on Part 1. Conduct a diary study on yourself as described in
class by comparing 2 consecutive days of browsing the news on AllSides
(https://www.allsides.com/) and the typical ways you get the news. That is, in
addition to whatever daily routine you have for learning about the daily news,
make sure you browse the AllSides web site at least once a day. If you already
primarily use AllSides to get your news, or if you don’t currently have a
routine for getting daily news, pick a mainstream news source (e.g., CNN, New
York Times, Fox News) and compare that with AllSides. Since the news changes
every day, a daily journal is a good way to learn about your reactions to the
news. At least once a day, for 2 consecutive days, write a short paragraph
journal entry for this prompt: Compare and contrast your reactions to what you
learned from AllSides with your typical daily news source.

### Part 2: Empathize with the User

Based on your own reflections, design and conduct an interview to empathize
with at least two other users about how they learn about the daily news. For
this exercise, you can pick someone you know and is easily accessible (e.g.,
friend, someone in the same dorm), although at least one of the them must be
different from you in a substantial way (e.g., different political or religious
beliefs, different cultural heritage, different socio-economic background,
different in age by over 10 years).

Conduct a 4-step interview with at least two users:

1. Tell me about a news event you became aware of today (might need to keep
   asking until you find one that is available on AllSides). How do you feel
   about /react to this news?
2. Formulate at least one question based on your journaling experience with
   AllSides that probes how aware they are of other possible feelings or
   reactions to the news event
3. Show them the AllSides entry for the particular news story they picked, and
   allow them to briefly browse. Ask them how they feel about the other
   perspectives brought together by AllSides.
4. Ask if they are more or less interested in getting access to more diverse
   perspectives on the news based on their experience, and briefly explain
   their response

### Part 3: Prepare a Point of View statement (due in Studio)

Based on your own experience documented by the journal study (Part 1) and your
interviews (Part 2), develop a Point of View statement Prepare a 60-second
(maximum) Point of View statement to be presented in Studio section on Friday
that summarizes a POV that you identified based on the interviews. This should
be an oral statement, no slides, and must be no longer than 60 seconds to be
able to hear everyone in Studio. Be sure to project your voice clearly for
everyone to hear and make eye contact to engage with the audience.

### Part 4: Need Finding Statement

Building on the POV statements that you heard in studio, you should have more
ideas on interesting directions to explore or interesting people to ask. Do at
least 3 more interviews:

- among a broader set of people (i.e., more people who are different from you)
- include at least one more question to more deeply empathize with your
    participants, or feel free to change your question, but the interview should
    now be a 5-step interview:

Conduct a 5-step interview with at least three more users:

1. Tell me about a news event you became aware of today (might need to
   keep asking until you find one that is available on AllSides). How do
   you feel about/react to this news?
2. Formulated question from Part 2--feel free to modify it based on your
   experience
3. An additional question you formulate, based on your experience in
   Studio
4. Show them the AllSides entry for the particular news story they picked,
   and allow them to briefly browse. Ask them how they feel about the
   other perspectives brought together by AllSides.
5. Ask if they are more or less interested in getting access to more
   diverse perspectives on the news based on their experience, and briefly
   explain their response

Use all the data you’ve gathered to develop a statement of the user need on the
most important challenge in getting people exposed to more diverse and balanced
perspectives on the daily news. Explain what evidence led you to formulate this
user need in a paragraph or two.

## deliverables

- Name and Berkeley SID
- 2 journal pages from Part 1
- Summary of 2 interviews from Part 2 (1-2 pages) including:
   - The question you formulated for step 2 of the interview
   - How you selected each person to interview (including how they are different from you, if applicable)
   - Summarize the responses to each of the 4 steps of the interview
- Point of View (60-second statement in Studio)
- Summary of additional interviews with how participants are more diverse and new questions added (1-2 pages)
- Need finding statement (statement plus couple paragraphs explaining the evidence for the statement)

*assignment submission link to be provided*

